alright well you heard from wade belak
his day at the beach with chrome a
police interrupted by his trade to the
Florida Panthers that he's with our
sherry for down Florida wait all this
speculation whole week about son Dean
will ego will he stay at in the end its
way be like being traded just your
thoughts about this straight I blame
Matt's you know I areas supposed to be
massless day to day and then we pulled
out so the next best thing but uh no I
obviously in shock and understand we all
understand that something was going to
be done at the deadline you never think
it's going to be you but you know I'm
happy it's good to come down a situation
where I hope they all play a little horn
and you know contribute hopefully get
these guys to the playoffs to last week
you stated you would kill somebody if
you were traded cuz you're just too lazy
to move now what are you gonna do she
kept my mouth shut right that's nice
kiss again no I'm lazy at so I say Chon
for seven years I don't want to move hey
I don't know what we're gonna do now so
we had a lot of good men a lot of good
people of Toronto and we sent out some
pretty good routes there you know
bleeder nut ronto I guess was kind of
hold for us but you know you just got to
move on and yeah it's just it's pretty
unbelievable right now I just kind of
whirlwind right now your bio says that
Fort Lauderdale is your favorite place
to play away from home now it's home
little crazy for you yeah it is left to
buy some more sense can I know that I
hate put the stuff on the summer but now
you have to do it all year ironically
your first game could come against your
former team the Leafs how you gonna drop
the gloves against city one morning no I
you know as I played a lot of those guys
for a long time and once again the ice
will be business as usual and the play
my hardest the team and he's dressed
they can and be physical and run the
hell out of our defensemen in Waikiki
half man I love can Jen's and on earlier
and he was terrific as well